hi my divas and you are the
welcome to my chair considering the game
but makes an angry video with two of
my girlfriends here on youtube i'm going
leave their pictures there is the name to your
sorry after we feasted my video
go on their channel
watch the video and if you are
subscribers with them subscribe too so
this video collab it will be us
essential for spring and summer a
products that can be products
beauty make-up or clothes
do not have anything good it will be more
mekok because the only thing
that they really are - between the seasons
it's really my guy I'm changing
completely my regard during the summer and
spring
I want to show that products that
I use during the summer and spring
ok I started with the products
must my skin points face so
during the spring and summer I use
the fountains that are really light and
the bb cream of ounces had said that this
is not enough covering I have to me
reassure that my phase 1 is no task
but that's good and it's a beautiful
shine and I'm going to show you to a
product that has been using for two months
weeks that really changed my skin
my skin a beautiful bursts I do not have any more
little black spots if my face and you
know that I had the black ball
often you have big sites to face
sloboda well where we are going
all to face who are really darker
that the rest face and often as
local which it is a product that
has been using for at least two weeks and
I have very good results in
products but because it uses and
the r hedge funds and skin range is
dense and a rex for black skin
it is a range of products that is made
for black women black skin
so all our little problems that we
had black skin that's a range
which is especially for us
I know that a star to face and
I also have the moisturizer
I have the mask or I do not know how
the scrub because we do not have
that and then I repeat that I think
my face it really changed my
skin for two centuries and elissa
I want them to be a bit of a month and
see how my poor reacted to that
then I will show you my product
the most precious I have that you hear
already talking about this is my mac media
and as I told you this is a guy who
does for belly screens but that's
also very good for someone who has
programmed my foundation I put everything
just that and it reassures me that my phase
is not going to be really oiled on
imagine and maromme in the face will stay
really matt so for people who
like oily skin that's it
really a very, very, very good product
people there I love them and well I'm going
show you some foundation that
use it during the spring summer
so less during the summer the spring
because it's so hot outside
I studied a very happy product
that they have really light so the
most of the time I put the cream bb
so the 2 bb cream that I like
it is that of Ms. Evelyn and that of
iman so here are two showcases that I like
good at one are not really covering up
but I like them the next one in
as long as I like it is the one of
Eve and it's the dream become
the anthem and she really got
tip is absorbed by palau
am it is really very light to metz and
covering a very not really covering
do not really know it's really very good
fountain and it's very easy to
to fade xac angers put my phase so
I like this fantasy both
next fountain that I like it is
the real raw match of l'oreal paris and
that's it and its color its 7 and n 8 and n
8 1-8
so that's it during the summer and the
really spring during the spring
I'm told it's 7 and while to help him
I knew this n purpose
so I like them they are light
and
and it does not weigh a lot so it's
very good for my face during the
spring and summer I also like them
doors the lost mac duoapps during
summer not only six months but also
my clients it gives a very beautiful shine
to the skin when we put that
so you take your childish I got
your hand I felt there and I take
a few drops that and five colors
golden and I mix with my bottom of
dyed and I put surface and it gives me
really a very nice a light yes because
I can say it's really very
beautiful then I'll show you the
blushes that I like
during the summer the spring has
winter and autumn I like them
bluffs in cash
the blues are very loud and very dark
but during the summer and spring
I like powder blushes something
light thing easily fast if my
phase so I have my palette of bx cause
but the ex eyes who said colors of
bluff always pink brown orange
really the orange the black skin is
really pretty gorgeous is great this
never tried a bluff
orange is killed from pau to olives or anwar
really you have to leave it's really
really really pretty so that's not it
all the clubs I need during
summer and pretends ok I only have the
lipsticks but still got to you
show my wheels I remove fevry during
spring and summer are roses
and the nude neutrals will be like one
call it like the ones I put
now really neutral
digital overhang the e3 I like
melanie sound that's how it is
got the year and that's the color
nude green no crime this is what I
am me now and also pink site
it's a very beautiful pink that smells good
it's a very beautiful pink rose to a little
clear is the last I like
it's pink
that's the game jadore jadore jadore its
classic is that the 6 reminds me
really from mc male candidate whose
I really have to really really
believe in my crying for crime
what is spring, that's all I hope
that I would have liked this video if and
do not forget to go watch the
other videos in this collaboration
and I want to leave the link just down
and there is to watch them video and
subscribe and I see you in the
next video lease